Hey, good morning family, how are y'all doing today? Praise the Lord, it's me.
I don't have my dynamic duo today; she's busy, but I'm going to go ahead and do this video with y'all because I'm running late.
I hope I get this posted today, but if I don't, I'm sorry about that.
I had family come in from out of town and they wanted to visit, so we visited with them.
But I've got to get these videos out because the Lord has really put it on my heart to lead you all in prayer for what's coming.
We see another ministry with another scandal; it's very sad the way it's going, and it grieved me a lot over the last day or two.
My wife has been reading about it and telling me about it, and I warned you this was coming.
I told you back in November of last year that the Lord told me there would be great ministries that would have things uncovered, scandals that would be uncovered, and that He would raise up new faces, new generals in the army.
There would be a cleaning of the house, as judgment begins in the house of the Lord first. We see that happening a lot this year.
This year has been exactly what He said it would be, and I believe we're going to see more to come: major churches and major ministries that have tried to hide things they didn't want anyone knowing about.
They tried to sweep it underneath the rug. Sadly, we're all human and we all mess up.
When our lives are on display, it's easier for others to judge and point fingers because these leaders have such a platform and influence in the world.
So we just show grace; that's what we do. Yeah, it hurts the body of Christ, but we just keep standing.
No matter who we see fall around us, no matter how shocked we are, it's going to happen more and more because the body of Christ went to a seeker-friendly message, not a holiness and fire message.
Walking with the fire and the glory is what changes you; we go from glory to glory to glory.
But when we put up a hand to the Holy Spirit and don't allow Him to change us because of pride, money, or influence from social media awards, we get a big head in ministry.
A lot of times it's like what the Lord spoke to Diana when He said, 'You were so used to coming to Me for a word every day, and then all of a sudden you automatically assume what I'm going to say.'I paraphrase, but you see a lot of ministries that no longer feel they have to have that fresh fire every day because they're running on fumes.
It allows the enemy to find an inroad to distract and destroy you.
So first and foremost, you always have to have your guard up with the blood, communion, and seeking Him.
I don't know these people personally, but the Lord said to me, 'Don't go on certain platforms.
I want you to be separate unto Me for a season because I'm cleaning house for your ministry.'So I've just stayed to myself and I will continue to do so until the Lord releases me.
He said, 'I want you right now to keep planting your roots and go deeper with Me.
Enjoy life and find that place of happiness in everything you do—with your kids, your wife, your flowers, or your dog.'God is in everything and He made all things richly for you to enjoy.
Ladies and gentlemen, I want you today to enjoy life and the Thanksgiving that's coming up in America.
We get so distracted by the pressure of performance and trying to succeed, but whenever the rubber meets the road and you are standing before the Father, there will be nothing there other than you and Him.
If you spend your whole life trying to build your kingdom and not His, what matters most when you take your last breath is your relationship with Jesus Christ—not how much money, cars, or jewelry you have.
It's the relationship you had with Him from Monday through Sunday in the mundane when nobody else is looking—not behind a camera, not on Instagram or Facebook.
That's all fake anyway. Most people are just posting a story, but their lives are falling apart.
They put on a facade that everything's beautiful: 'Hashtag, I've got my piña colada in my hand and I'm resting on the beach,'but the life is falling apart without the selfie.
It's so self-absorbed. That's why I hate social media because it's so fake.
You get a call from someone weeping who is ready to do themselves in, yet you just saw a hashtag saying everything was great.
People just need to be real because they're hurting inside, and only the Lord Jesus Christ can fix that.
No matter how much money or success you find, or even a good-looking spouse—she's a 10 out of 10 but she has issues, or he's a 10 out of 10 but he's abusive—people are still looking for that perfect 10.
Where is your heart with the Father? When it all comes to the end, you're going to stand before Him butt-naked, basically—stripped of pride and ego.
Will your works stand in the refiner's fire as pure gold, or will they burn up like stubble?
Did you do things for attention, like hashtagging a five-dollar gift, or did you do it because Jesus told you to?
You'll know their fruit by the tasting. You can see the fruit on the tree.
As Joyce Meyer said, an apple tree doesn't have to scream that it's an apple tree; it just is what it is.
I don't have to try to fake the Holy Ghost. You can't live off of yesterday's revelation or anointing; you have to have a fresh touch every day.
If you try to live off an old revelation, that water becomes stagnant.
I want authentic with the Holy Spirit on a day-to-day basis.
We try to bring what we have at home to you, but it's different through the camera when people judge you and don't know the Holy Spirit.
You might have head knowledge from a sermon five years ago, but you don't know Him at all. I'm trying to help you fall in love with Him today.
Do not put your relationship in somebody on TV or YouTube, because we're all human and we all have issues. I'm a work in progress.
My wife tells me all the time, 'We're a work in progress, Brandon.'We may fall or stub our knee, but we pick ourselves back up like a beanbag clown that's standing on the inside.
Are you standing on the inside? That's all that matters—not what your pastor or outside family says.
Sometimes you have to cut yourself off from those who have a strong influence but try to lead you in another direction.
It's time to shake off those beggar clothes like blind Bartimaeus on the side of the road.
When he took off that cloak and gave everything to Jesus, he stood up and received his sight. Are you spiritually blind, Bartimaeus?
Is it time for you to receive your sight and have the eyes of your understanding enlightened?
Take off that cloak and say, 'Jesus, I need you today.'Don't be moved by everything on social media.
The Lord told me He's cleaning house and it's going to get painful because some of your idols will let you down. You've got to have Jesus on that pedestal.
I learned a long time ago working for big ministers that I saw them have the biggest flesh farts you've ever seen.
It can crush you, but if you have a relationship with Him, it's beautiful.
He is beautiful beyond description, too marvelous for words. I stand in awe of You.
Regarding investments, I told you what Kim said about the X and the P.
If you are a student of investments, it's pretty obvious what I believe he was talking about.
I miss the timing sometimes because I assume how quickly He is saying it.
I saw an X and a P in a dream, and that is going to be a very profound investment.
Abraham waited twenty years for his promise, so don't get weary in well-doing.
When the full manifestation comes with $10,000 per XRP, you'll see.
He spoke to me about the Dinar and the angel with sapphire blue eyes who told me, 'Shh, they can't hear what you're saying.'No matter how much I yelled in the visitation, friends and family couldn't see me because they didn't get the word for themselves.
They're looking like a cow at a new gate, chewing its cud. I saw everyone who invested in a certain thing, which was the Iraqi Dinar, standing on a Persian rug when it was pulled out from under them and they lost everything.
There was a 1929-style financial crash, but those who put their money in the copper pot—the one with writing about the new change—were okay. Everything you know can change in a 24-hour period.
I believe a crash is coming, but there's a season of grace after the election for a great acceleration before the house of cards falls due to credit card and housing debt.
I saw the interest rates freeze bank accounts. I've asked the Lord to give us more time.
Then Putin used those extra-strength rockets that shook the world. I saw a massive radius by Warsaw in Poland.
They used a weapon no man has ever seen that vaporized people without wiping out buildings.
It's not nuclear, but it will shake nations with fear. Then I saw a major draft coming in the United States because of an attack.
I saw the old Cuban Missile Crisis alliances trying to bring forth a third world war with conventional weapons more powerful than those in World War II.
I saw Israel striking Iran's oil refineries, causing oil to go above $200 a barrel and gas to hit $8 or $9 a gallon with lines like the 1970s.
This was used to push a green agenda. Can we change this as watchmen?
We see Netanyahu talking on the news about striking refineries if they come after us again.
I saw oil reserves in the Mediterranean that are ginormous.
We see Trump's company wanting to buy a crypto exchange called BB something.
We're going to be the most pro-crypto country with Elon Musk.
They have a plan to eliminate the national debt, perhaps with gold or Bitcoin.
The angel told me, 'They're not dead, they don't see it.'We're going to pray. I don't try to prepare anything; this is just overflow.
Father, we thank You for Your hand on this YouTube channel and every person represented here.
We believe they receive Your divine protection and healing.
We pray Elon Musk has a radical conversion like the next Billy Graham and helps bring forth the end-time harvest money.
We thank You for a supernatural debt cancellation seed for America through Elon or President Trump.
I pray for supernatural protection over President Trump and his cabinet, that he would put people of integrity around him.
May we be a nation that says 'In God We Trust'with all our hearts.
Father, judgment begins in the house of the Lord first. We bring in the new Davids with the brand new anointing.
Stir up the flames within us. We're not lazy, looking for someone else to feed us like an infant; we get out and go be scavengers of the Word.
If it doesn't witness with you, then click off. But we thank You for the Holy Spirit flowing like a mighty rushing river.
Just as Andrew Wommack says, stop chasing your tail; you've already got it.
We call peace over this war and ask for an extended time of grace.
We ask for a supernatural move of the Holy Spirit in these last days.
We pray Joe Biden does not cause any escalation in this war. We call confusion in the enemy's camp.
What will you do with these four years until the next Shemitah cycle? We give You all the glory, honor, and praise. Amen.
Subscribe if you haven't and click the notification bell and like button for the algorithm.
We believe Jesus Christ is a healer and the same yesterday, today, and forever.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. We will see you tomorrow. Bye-bye.